and thou a ghost amid the entombing
trees didst glide away only thine eyes
remained they would not go they never
yet have gone lighting my lonely path
way home that night they have not left
me as my hopes have since they follow me
they lead me through the years from to
Helen by Edgar Allan Poe 1809 to 18-49
Richmond Virginia is chock full of
ghosts and haunted places the city names
Edgar Allan Poe's its native son and
besides history it's rich in ghostly
lower legends and tales come read the
interesting and sometimes scary stories
and view the photographs inside this
book and prepare to take one step beyond
into a Richmond most mortals don't know
about learn why Virginia's governor
shares his mansion with ghosts dying
with ghosts at Ruth's Chris Steakhouse
and crab Louise seafood tavern discover
that the bird theater has more than
movies to offer customers play lazer
quest with Civil War spirits visit with
native american spirits as they haunt
route 895 call on the lady in red who
roams the quarters of wrexham hall and
find out why richmond has its own
vampire legend these and other
interesting and scary stories would
transport you beyond to a Richmond that
most mortals never see read haunted
richmond virginia by pamela cake any
available through amazon barnes & noble
borders books a million online
target.com and at a bookstore near you
read it if you dare